the days of you being able to travel are
over you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you in this report I
am going to explain why your days of
travel are over why you will not be able
to eat what you want and why you will
not have freedom of speech as you know
it this is not hyperbole I'm talking
about the real deal here today I'll give
you all the sources and the information
that you need let's begin the first
thing we need to look at number one is
talking about sustainable development
you may have heard of this before but
it's Central it's Agenda 21 it's agenda
2030 you may have heard these terms
before you may have even got a warning
Banner at the bottom of this video but
understand simply what that is we're
talking about the United Nations and
under that all governments basically
employing the exact same techniques and
strategies in order to to you know
police one thing or another okay and
it's one aspect related to the climate
and one to energy and so on okay and so
with this with that in mind we're going
to look into some information that's
going to show how they will restrict
what you do in your everyday life and
this isn't something in the future it
has already begun I'm I'm telling you
watch a sustainable future for travel
this is a report and warns of quote
travel Extinction that is a quote and
I'm going to show you that report in a
second where some areas suffer such
radical climate change that all tourism
there ceases and a personal carbon
allowance that will restrict how often
one is permitted travel carbon passports
a personal carbon emissions limit will
become the new normal as policy and
people's values drive an era of great
change
huh wait a
second on our current trajectory we can
expect with a push back against the
frequency with which individuals can
travel with carbon passports set to
change the tourism
landscape I'm not kidding when I tell
you that we should be freaking out this
is the type of information everybody
needs to share you you've got to
understand how serious this is you're
going to get and I've been warning about
this for a long time a carbon allowance
or might be referred to as an allotment
and you're going to be given that and
that might be suitable for your everyday
activities you can go back and forth
from work and it's going to be okay but
maybe you can't live too far and maybe
in the Hunger Game scenario where you
have big mega cities you're going to be
able to travel only a short distance so
that means you got to move closer in
where the jobs are you don't have that
freedom to move out in the country or
maybe in a more rural setting overall
this is what sustainable development is
they want to make sure that everybody
stays jam-packed into these areas so
that there is no urban sprawl they don't
want that to happen this is the report
itself travel as we know it hovers on
the brink of Extinction the industry is
faced at this watershed moment with two
potential roads ahead one where climate
breakdown and tourism restrictions curb
the pursuit of wander lust and one where
regenerative breakthroughs change the
future of travel and the world for the
better interesting and of course at the
bottom there they want to decarbonize
travel and sustainable development is is
used in there that term is used
everywhere now I don't have time to read
this entire report but the links are in
the description under the sources just
know that this is one piece of the
puzzle B it's it's it's just a report
but when I see this from one and the
other Think Tank and it's coming from
the world economic forum who we'll talk
about and then we start to see the
policies being implemented already today
we understand that this is being given
from the highest authorities and then it
passes down from institution to
institution to government think tanks
getting it all over the place and of
course they're those think tanks are
part of the government like some
individuals it might be the Council on
for relations they might be on the world
economic Forum they might be part of
this or that and so we can see the
intertwining and the revolving door
these are problems that we face today
eat less meat is a message for the rich
world in food's first Net Zero plan un's
FAO has set to publish a plan for Foods
climate transition food expected to take
a more of a focus at The cp28 Summit in
Dubai want to invest in your favorite
YouTube creators and connect with them
like never before all while
participating in the Creator's Journey
introducing
gigar a platform that brings creators
and fans together as partners now you
can invest in a cre Creator YouTube
channel through Channel Revenue tokens
CRTs while enjoying extra benefits the
CRT is your ticket to an exclusive fan
club enjoy special perks such as access
to creators unique content and private
events you'll not only support your
favorite Channel but you'll participate
in the potential future revenue of the
channel alongside your favorite
creators how does Giga start work open
an account connect your credit card or
digital wallet
buy CRTs from your favorite creators
during the
drop participate in potential future
YouTube revenue of the creators Channel
keep the tokens or sell them in
secondary
markets gigar streamlines entire
experience making it easy for you to
grow with your favorite
creators connect grow join the journey
learn more and sign up gigar
doio okay
doesn't matter what side you stand on
you might not want me you might say it's
bad you might be on the other side of
the spectrum where you'll say no I only
want to eat that you should be able to
do what you think is right that's the
point it shouldn't be even your
government but even beyond that to a
supernational entity like the UN
deciding what you can and cannot consume
because they're going to force you into
a circumstance
where that becomes too expensive there's
some sort of weird tax on it there's
going to be some way shape or form a
restriction on what you can eat and
you're going to get pushed into a corner
and we'll talk more about that in a
second it connects him with this Bill
Gates buying up land threatening small
farms under the guise of saving the
planet we've seen this before Bill Gates
buying a lot of land and uh there is a
consolidation of power and control we
know that but it's not just Bill Gates
he happens to buy a lot of that stuff um
and then of course he's also in B pretty
much everything else whether it's the
genetically modified food and so on so
we can see that the animals the uh crops
they're all getting genetically modified
or Now using the crisper technology why
do they want crisper technology they're
saying number one that it's safer but at
the same time they won't need to label
it that's what they're going for so you
don't know you say well why is this pig
the size of a mountain well you know
it's just it's just crisper no worries
we now we only need to grow one Pig per
Farm uh because you know it's going to
be something that we could just take
care of one time it's so easy hey look
the pig's happy it's healthy no
worries that's kind of a dangerous
policy but here we go all right in its
59 page report released this month the
UN educational cultural and scientific
ific organization that's UNESCO outlined
a series of concrete measures which must
be implemented by all stakeholders
that's governments regulatory
authorities civil society and the
platforms themselves and so this is all
about like what you're allowed to say
like speech okay but why is the UN
saying that it must be implemented by
all the stakeholders the government has
to follow this rule created by the UN
the the Regulatory Agencies have to do
that too everybody basically everybody
in the world the UN just dictated a
policy on what could be said and what
could not be said and they're going to
determine that it's literally right here
you're seeing this and you might say
well I agree with it I agree with that
what they said I agree with the whole
thing but do you do you still think that
the authority should be decided from the
very top beyond your government you tell
me you put that in the comments below
don't you think that at the very least
it should be on a smaller scale your at
least your federal government if not
down to the state Province region
level I would think so that would make a
lot more sense because if they're
dictating it dictating it at the top
they're not even voted in by
anybody something's not right but we
know that it doesn't matter in the end
because there's one thing I I mean this
is just one I've I've covered a
thousand secretive White House
surveillance program gives cops access
to trillions of Us phone records that's
right they had some leak leaked police
documents and they verified that a
secret government program is allowing
federal state and the local law
enforcement to access phone records of
Americans who are not you heard me right
not suspected of a crime if they want
your phone
records no problem no problem and they
get that do you see you don't really
have rights they are only there to keep
you from rioting because they know the
masses of 8 billion people ultimately
have more strength than the elitist few
but they need to keep everybody calm and
so they give them their bread and circus
they push them down as far as they can
go and they dehumanize them each and
every step of the way they've gone
through multiple programs here and that
is as much as I can
say why New York will charge up to $23 a
day to drive into Manhattan so it's
going to be between $9 and $23 and I've
said this a lot on my finance Fridays
live sessions it's part of the
mentorship
group if you got to drive in to
Manhattan you work there but you can't
afford Manhattan you got to live on the
outside of that well you're now going to
have to pay 23 bucks a day and what if
you're making minimum wage well that's a
lot of money but what if you are you
know you you're made $50 million you're
or you're a billionaire you got to pay
$23 as a toll do you care of course not
it's probably an annoyance if
anything but it's not going to affect
you so who is this a tax on well of
course it's a tax on the poor people and
it's a tax on the middle class not on
the rich they're just going to pay it
they don't have a problem but here we
have this Hunger Game scenario of bigger
and bigger cities congestion Rising high
above the sky with these big big towers
and slowly but surely getting rid of all
the single family homes this is all part
of sustainable development ultra low
emission Zone Ah that's right to help
clear London's air the ultr low emission
Zone operates 24 hours 7 days a week
every day of the year except Christmas
day so that's right if your vehicle
doesn't meet ulz emission standards and
isn't exempt well then you need to pay
12250 daily charge to drive within the
Zone same thing same thing this is the
case if you do not meet their
requirements you must pay a tax to drive
your vehicle in the city center but what
if you work there what if you have to
get there well now that potentially that
first hour of work for some people gone
pay to the tax you work eight hours that
first hour
gone what about the maintenance on your
vehicle what about the gasoline on your
vehicle oh no no no no no now you got to
take public transit now you're forced to
take public transit and maybe it's not
very convenient and maybe as a result of
that because you got to change here you
got to change there you got to get on a
bus you got to get on a subway street
car all these things it's now going to
take you an hour and a half maybe it's
going to take you two hours to get to
work is that reasonable that's what
they're doing they're squeezing
everybody into this which I can't I mean
I I think people should live wherever
they want and not be tax based on where
they're driving and how they're driving
I don't think that's a solution at all
but goes down to the food supply as well
because the world economic Forum wants
you to know why we need to give insects
the role that they deserve in our food
system that's right not for those
elitists not for the Bill Gates but for
you you need to eat the bugs and Tyson
Foods wants to make that happen not
quite yet though they join the bug
protein craze in partnership with
startup this my understanding is it's
not for you and I yet this is to be fed
to the animals but of course if you're
eating the animals you're doing
indirectly but that's fine the animals
are already eating bugs in many
cases but there's a problem because it's
just one step away from you eating it
and already The Crickets and other
things are ending up on the on the
shelves they're being part of a lot of
food right now they're saying hey this
is a cheaper way to do it we're going to
put it in and yeah it's FDA approved and
all that I think it's fine if you you
want to but you should never be forced
to look I can't say a lot of stuff here
on this channel but in my group my
finance Friday sessions I do get into
all that I talk about these type of
things and that's on uh Friday it is
lockedown to the people who are
interested in it there is a link in the
description you go in there I've
basically um broke down everything you
can get on I'm trying to get a shopping
cart sort of built into that but anyway
if you're interested in getting the
absolute best information looking at the
stock market I I've been able to
pinpoint the stock market very
accurately because I use something
called the money mirror method I do all
these things and I bring that to this
small group of people which you know
they're benefiting so much and I hope to
give more value to you I hope that you
come and join the group you can try it
for a month there's no contracts check
it out link is in the description and I
want to highlight the comment of the day
just basically talking about what has
happened over the last little a while
looking at the consumer and he this one
individual thank you for that comment I
drive for Walmart and essentially
suggesting on Black Friday on Cyber
Monday people weren't doing what they
did before they weren't buying the flat
screen TVs they were buying the
Necessities food and clothing CU people
are pushed to the edge because of the
devaluation of the currencies because of
what's Happening Here and it's all
coming to ahead we got to be prepared we
got to be ready I hope you will be ready
if you appreciate this information hit
that thumbs up button and don't forget
to share this with somebody you believe
may find it informative hit that share
button send it off to somebody and I do
thank you for that I want to see you
tomorrow take care